Okay improvements are written below:

1. Landing page shouldnt include create account (2 buttons of the same type) both buttons shouldnt exist since after the person clicks login a signup option will be there so remove that.
2. After a business owner signs up the first thing he should be redirected to should be the business profile form not the system ik currently it redirects to the business profile but also shows the sidebar and everything but they arent functional. It shouldnt be like that it should redirect to a form that should be filled Also with subscription plans. Idk if the subcription plans should be before the form or after choose the best you claude. and also after the owner pays the business profile shouldnt be in the sidebar along the others it should be in the settings. Also a free trial should be added so that the owner tries out then pays but for trying out the free trial there should be some prerequisite like ask him for something idk in foreign countries u fill your card info here in ethiopia idk but you will decide.(i have attached an image a screenshot to show you how a subscription plan page should be).
3. Products module and product insights shouldnt be separate put them in one module called products. Also the current product module shows products as both cards (recent ones) and tabular form for the whole it shouldnt be 2 database indexing wont be right. Lets make it only cards and also let those cards be clickable to be edited and also have a graph within inside the card of the product without clicking it so that the owner can see the products performance.
4. In the inventory module when restocking lets do in a batch no and so that when the owner also sells or wants to know how much of a product he has he will check and say like from this batch i have sold these much, from these batch i have sold these much these much is remaining and everything.
5. The user interface shouldnt be static like every user shouldnt see the same ui. Like for example a retail business and perfume store shouldnt see the same kind of ui they should have organizations for different businesses so that the ui is attractive towards the owner. Also the color palettes of the system should change according to the logo provided by the business owner so that the system uses the logo colors for the buttons and as a whole for a system.
6. Credit limit and discount logic should be one. Add a sidebar module with credit and discount name. For example if a business owner says that if u buy these much amount of comodities i will give you this much discount....credit limit should also be automatic the system should calculate it according to the customers performance or how much he buys.
7. In the sales module. When creating a sale the complete sale button should say proceed to payment and like a modal opens and the customer pays for example if its telebirr using their phone number i will send the request. so a separate payments module with create payment to record isnt needed it should be automatic.
8. Expenses module shouldnt operated manually completely. For example if i restock a product in an inventory then the system should calculate the amount and write it as an expense. There will be manual recording for like utilitiy payments and other payments. Salary should also be automatic.
9. Remove the settings sidebar nav cuz it already exists in the logout button place.
10. Remove completely the service fee module and its logic as a whole its not needed in this system.
11. Reports module is good. But more specific things are missing like also reports by product and make it graphical. profit by product everything can be specific.
12. In the product module validation is missing one category can have only one product with a unique name the system shouldnt let the owner create a product with the same name and category. also check if other validations are missing through out the system and correct it.
13. In the customer module when adding a cusotmer it asks for full name....but it shouldnt be like that what if its a company that buying the product or private or any idk.
14. When creating a product barcode shouldnt be filled automatically it should generate the barcode the system itself when its create. Or use qrcode let the system generate when a product is created idk choose the best option.


These are the modification. please your a better than me so understand my ideas in full then modify them to match the perfect idea of a professional plan and make it look like a professional system thats mostly dynamic and not static mostly lets make it dynamic so that most of the things are dynamic. IMPROVE ON MY IDEAS TO THE BEST VERSION CONSIDER YOURSELF A SENIOR DEVELOPER